โค๏ธ เถเถดเทเทเถปเทเทเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเทเถธ Mflix เทเทเทเทเถฑเท โค๏ธ
๐ฅ Mflix Fb Page เถเถเถญเท Follow เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ ๐ฅ
เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถฑเทเถฏ เทเถฑ เทเทเถง
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท ... เถเถณเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถฝเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถเท เถเทเถฑ เทเทเถฉเทเถดเทเถป เถเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถบเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท.
เถเถญเทเถเถฉเถเถเทเทเถง เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถธเถญเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ, 406.
เถธเถธ เถดเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฏเท เทเทเถฑเทเท,
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เถเถฝเทเถฝเถเถฑเทเถฑเถบเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถธเถธ เถปเทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฏ, เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเท เถเถเถง เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ... เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบเท เถธเถเทเถฑเท เถบเถธเถเท เทเถเถเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถบเถธเถเท เทเถเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
เถธเถง เทเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ?
เถเถ เถธเถง เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑ เทเถฝเถง เถเถญเทเถญเถป เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท,
เถปเทเถบ เถเถฑเถญเทเถปเถเท เทเทเถซเทเถฏ?
เถเทเถธเถซ เทเทเถฝเทเทเท เถฏ?
เถด.เท. 6 เถญเท 7 เถญเท เถเถญเถป
เถ เถฑเทเทเทโฆ
เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเถฑเถญเทเถปเถเท เทเทเถซเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถญเทเทเทเถฝ เถเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถบ เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเท เถธเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท!
เถฑเทเถญ.
เถเถบเท เถเถญเทเถญเถป เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเท.
เถเทเท เถเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถธเทเถซ เถฏเทเถเทเถเถฏ?
เถเทเทเถเท เถธเทเทเทเถซ เถเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเถป เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท,</i
> เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถง เถเถบ เถฑเทเถดเทเถฑเทเถซเท.
เถธเถง เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑโฆ
เถ เถเทเถขเทเถญเถเถบเท เถเถปเถดเท เถฏเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเถบเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเถฝเท เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเท เถธเถปเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เถ เทเถเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เทเทเถซเท เถฑเถธเท,
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถธเถง เถเทเทเทเทเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท?
เถธเท เทเทเถปเทเถปเถเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถง เถเถถ เถฑเทเทเถญ เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑ เถฝเทเท เถดเทเทเทเทเทเท .
เถฏเทเถฑเท เทเทเถ เทเทเทเถญ เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเท เถฏเทเถเทเถเถฏ?
เถเทเทเถปเทเทเถปเท เถเถถเท เถเถฑเทเถเถธเถฑเถบ เถเทเทเถฏ,
เทเถเถง เถเทเทเถฏ, เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถญเท เถเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถถเท เถเถปเถเทเทเถเถบเท เถเถถ เทเถธเถ เถญเถถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธเถง เทเถ เถถเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ
.
เถปเทเทเถฝเทเถฏเท เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท เถเถป เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท,
เทเถปเทเถฏ?
เถเถปเถเทเทเถ เถเถซเทเถฉเทเถบเถธ 1 เถฝเท เถขเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท-เทเทเถฑเท
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถเทเถฏเถป เถบเถฑเทเท.
เถฏเทเทเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถฝเถง เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เถเถ เถฝเทเทเท เทเทเถฑ เถเถเถเท เถฑเท.
เถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถบเถเถงเถญเท เถเถฉเท เถเทเถฝเถบเถเทเถฑเท IP เถเถ เถเทเท เถธเทเทเท เถบเถธเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท .
เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถ เทเถเทเทเถฐเทเถฑเทเถญเทเถธเถเท เถเทโเถปเทเถบเทเถญเทเถธเถ เทเทเถฑเทเท.
- เทเถเทเทเถฐเทเถฑเถบเถเทเถฏ?
- เถเทเท.
เถเถถเถง เถเทเทเทเถบเถธเท เถเถฏเทเทเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถถเถฝเทเถดเทเถปเทเถญเทเถญเท เทเทเถซเทเถง เทเถฉเท เถเทเท เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเถเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถเถบ เถดเถธเถซเถเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท.
เถเถญเทเทเทเถบ เทเถณเทเท เถเถธเทเถญเทเถญเถฑเทเถเท เทเท เทเทเทเท เทเถดเถบเถฑเทเถฑเถฑเทเถเท เถฝเทเถบเทเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถปเถเทเทเทเถญ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถญเทเถฑเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเท เถเถญเทเทเทเถบ? เถเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท เถธเทเทเถดเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถดเถงเทเถเถญ เถเท เถเถธเถญเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถเทเถงเทเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถธเทเถฉเทเถบเทเถฝเทเถงเถปเถบ เถเทเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเทเถเท เทเทเถเท.
เถเถฎเทเถเถเถบ 2
เถบเถธเถเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ, เถดเถบเทเถเท เทเท-เถเถบเถฑเท!
เถเถบเทเถง เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถฑเท?
เถเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฉเถเท.
เถเถ เถญเถธเถบเท เถฑเทเทเทเถปเถฏเท เถดเทเทเทเถญเทเถป.
เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถเถถเถง เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฏเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถฑเท?
เถเทเท, เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฉเถเท.
เถเถ เถญเถธเถบเท เถฑเทเทเทเถปเถฏเท เถดเทเทเทเถญเทเถป.
เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถเถถเถง เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฏเท.
เถเถบเท เถถเถบเถบเท.
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท เถถเถบ เทเทเถฝเท.
เถเทเทเถปเทเทเถปเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เถเถฝเทเถฝเถฑเถเทเถง เถเถบเทเถง เถญเถปเท เถบเถฑเทเท เถเถญเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท .
เถเทเท, เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท
เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท.
เถฝเทเทเทเทเถฑ เทเทเทเท เถดเทเถปเถ เถเทเถปเท เถเถ เถดเทเถปเถฝเทเถฑเท!
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เทเทเถฝเถเทเถฝเทเถธเถญเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถง เถธเทเถ เถฏเทเทเท เถฏเทเถเถเท เถญเทเทเทเทเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเท เถเถ เทเทเถบเถฑเทเท เถเถญเท.
เถธเถง เถเถเทเถธเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑเทเท.
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท?
เถเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถปเท เถเถเท เถบเถญเทเถป.
เถเถ เถธเทเถญเถฑเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถปเท เถเถเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถฑเท?
เถเทเท เทเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเทเถฏ?
เถเทเทเทเถญเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถ เถเถดเถญเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท,
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเถดเทเท เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถเถบเท เถธเทเทเท เถเทเถง เทเถญเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เทเทเถฏเทเทเทเถบเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเทเถธเถเท เถเทเถฑเถฏ?
เถเทเถปเท เถเถ เถฏเทเทเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเถดเทเท เถดเทเถฏเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถฏเถเทเถฑ เถบเถฑ เถงเทโเถปเถเท เถปเถฎเถบเถเถง เถเถญเท เถเทเท.
เถเถญเถเทเถง เถฉเทเทเท เถเทเถธเถปเทเท?
เถเถบเทโฆ
เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถดเถงเทเถเถญ เทเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
เถเถเท เถธเทเถเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
เถฏเทเทเทเถบเถฑเท เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เถเถถ เทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบเทโฆ
เถดเถปเทเทเทเทเถธเทเถฑเท.
เถ เถเทเถฑ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเถฝเทเถญเท เถเทเถปเท เถเถเถเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเทเถง เทเทเถง เทเทเถฉเถง เถฑเทเถเทเทเท
เถเทเถฏเถป เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถง เถเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท. เถธเถง เถเทเทเทเทเถบเถง โโเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถฐเทเถเถปเถซเถบ?
เถธเถง เถเถปเทเถฎ เถฑเทเถปเทเถดเถซเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑเทเท.
เถญเถฑเทเถบเถธเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถฐเทโเถบเถเทเทเถ เถเถเทเถ เถบเถฑเทเท.
เถ เทเถเทเถธ, เถธเถง เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ.
เถเถบเทเถเท เถเถธเทเถธเท เถธเถง เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเทเทเทเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถปเถฝเท เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถธเถญเทเถบเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑ เถเถญเถปเถญเทเถป เถเถปเถเทเทเถ เถเทเถปเทเถบ เถธเถซเทเถฉเถฝเถบ เถญเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ
...
เถเถบ เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเทเท เถดเทเถฑเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถดเถปเทเถดเทเถฝเถฑ เถฑเทเถฝเถฐเทเถปเท เถเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฑเถบ DO-JAE
เถเทเท, เทเถปเท.
เถเถ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเทเถ เถเถฝเทเถฝเทเถธเถเท,
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถเถ เถดเถปเทเทเทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ.
เถธเถง เถเถ เถเถบเทเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถญเทเถญเทเถฑเทเถธ. เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถป เถเถฏเทเถปเทเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถฑเถญเทเถปเทเถฑเท เถฝเทเถถเทเถซเท เถเทเทเทเถธ เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถฉเทเทเท เถเทเถธเถปเทเทเท เถฑเทเทเท .
เถเถถเถง เถเถบ เถฑเทเทเถญ เถฝเถถเท เถเถญ เทเทเถเทเถฏเทเถบเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถปเทเถเถบเถง เถเถฑเทเท เถปเถฎเทเทเทเถฑ เถเทเถธเถปเท เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ
เถเถบเท เทเทเท 6 เทเทเถง 7 เถฏเถเทเทเท.
เถเทเท, เทเถปเท.
เถเถถ เถเถด เทเท เถเถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเทเถเท เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท เถถเถฝเทเถเทเถฑ เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เทเถบเทเทเทเถ เถฉเทเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถบเท เถบเทเถเถ-เถขเทเถฑเท
เทเถปเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเถง เถเทเทเทเทเท เถปเทเทเทเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถธเทเถญเทเทเถปเถซ เถเทเถฝเถบเทเถฏเท,
เถเถบเถง เถฑเทเทเถฌเท เทเท เถฑเทเทเถฌเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑ เถฝเทเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถง เถเถบ เถเทเถฑ เถเถปเถฏเถป เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถธ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท .
เถธเท เทเทเทเทเทเถบ เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถฏเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเท เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท.
เถเถดเท เถฑเทเถฏ
เถถเทเถณเทเถธเท เถเถญเท เถเถปเถเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถญเทเทเท?
เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเถเทเถ,
เถเถเถง เถธเถฑเถธเทเถฝเทเท เถธเทเถปเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถบเทเถฏ?
เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเทเทเถฑเท เถฉเทเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเทเทเท เทเถฝเถง เถดเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฏเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถญเทเถญเถง เถธเทเถเทเถเถป เถฏเทเถปเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถซเท .
เถเทเทเถเท เถเถดเถเทเถปเทเถญเทเถบ เทเทเถฝเถธเทเถฑเท.
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท,
เถธเท เทเทเทเทเทเถบ เถเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถดเทเถบเทเถซเทเถฑเท, เถเถถ,
เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท, เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเถธเทเถธเท,
เทเท-เถขเท...
เทเท เทเทเถ เถเถฑเท-เถ.
เทเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถปเทเถญเท เถ เถเทเถฑ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท, เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเทโฆ
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เทเถบเทเทเทเถ เถฉเทเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเทเทเท เถเทเถบเท เถบเทเถเถ-เถขเทเถฑเท
เถเถบเทเถง เถฑเถปเถ เถดเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฏเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท เทเถเท.
เถธเถง เถเถปเถฏเถป เถเถปเถฑ เถเถธเถญเทเถธเท เถเถฑเทเท.
เถเถถเถง เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถถเทเทเท เถฏเทเถป เถบเท เถบเทเถญเทเท เถญเทเถถเท.
เถฑเทเถเทเทเทเถฝเทเถธเถญเทเถเถธ เทเถฑเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฏเถฑเถบเถง เถถเทเถฐเทเทเถเท เถถเท เถธเถธ เถเถถเถง เถเถเถฑเทเทเท เถเถญเทเถญเทเถธเท .
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถถเถง เถเถธ เถเถธเถญเทเถธเท เถฝเทเถถเทเถซเท เทเทเถง,
เถเถถ เถเถฝเถถเถฝเถบเถเถง เถบเทเถธเถง เทเทเถฏเทเถฑเถธเท เถถเท เถดเทเถฑเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท, เถเถบเท เถธเถง เถเถดเถฏเทเทเถเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท เถเถบเท?
เถเถดเท เถปเถงเท เถดเทเถธเท เทเทเถเถเทเถกเท เทเทเทเทเทเถฅเถบเท
เทเท เทเทเถงเถดเท เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ เถธเถฑเท เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฅเถบเทเถเท เถฝเทเท.
เถเถ เทเถฏเทเถฏเทเถเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถดเทเถปเทเถซเท!
เทเทเถเทเทเทเถเถปเทเถเท เทเถงเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเถซ เถเทเทเถบ.
เทเทเทเถซ เถเทเทเถบ? เถเทเทเถเท เถถเทเถฝเถบ เถดเทเถดเทเถปเท เถเทเถบเทเถฏ?
เถเถปเท เถธเถฑเทเถญเทโเถปเทเถญเทเถธเถฑเท, เทเทเถเทเทเทเถเถปเท เถฏเทเถฑเท
เถเถดเทเท เถเถบเถเถป เถเถญ เถฑเทเทเทเถเท เถดเทเถฉเทเท เทเถธเถ เถขเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถเถปเท
เถฝเทเถฝเทเถฝเถเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถป เถฏเทเถธ เถฑเทเทเท เถเถญเท เทเทเทเถเท.
เถธเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเท!
เถธเทเถฑเถญเถปเถธเท เทเทเถเทเถปเถฏ!
เถเถบเท เถญเถฑเทเถบเถธ เทเทเถงเทเถฝเท เถเถ เถดเทเถดเทเถปเทเทเท เทเทเถปเทเถบเท!
เถเถ เถธเถเท เทเถปเถฏเถเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถดเทเถปเทเถฏเท เถดเถปเทเถฏเท เถเถฏเทเถฑเถญเท เถเถถ เถฑเทเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถซเท.
เถเถ เทเทเถซเท
เถเถบเท เถธเถง เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถฏเถฑเถเทเถง.
เถขเถขเท เถเถ เถเทเทเทเถปเทเท เถถเทเถปเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถเทเถเถป เถฑเทเถปเทเถทเทเถญเถฏ,
เถเทเถซเท เทเทเถเทเถ เถเทเถขเทเถญเถเถบเท?
เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถ.
เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถเถปเทเถง เถเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เทเทเถปเถบ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถญเทเถฏ,
เถเถปเทเถฎ เถฑเทเถปเทเถดเถซเถบ เถเถฉเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเท, เถเถญเทเถญเทเถฑเทเถธ. เถฑเทเทเท เถฝเทเท เทเถงเทเถฑเท เถเถป เถเถญเทเถญเท, เถเถปเท เถธเถฑเทเถญเทโเถปเทเถญเทเถธเถฑเท.
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฅเถญเทเถธเถฑเท, เทเถปเทเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑ เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถเทเท, เถเถปเท เถธเถฑเทเถญเทเถญเทเถธเถฑเท.
เทเทเถเทเทเทเถเถปเท,
เถเถถ เถฑเทเถญเถปเถธ เถธเถญเทเถดเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
เถถเทเทเท เทเทเถง เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถถ เถเถปเทเถฎเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเท เถบเทเถญเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถง เถฏเทเถฑเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถ เถธเทเถฑเทเทเท เถเถเทเถ เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
- เถธเถง เถเถบเท เถเถเทเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเถญ เทเถงเถฑเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
- เถธเถธ เถถเทเทเทเทเท เถงเทเถเถเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถธเถญเถ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถ เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถถเทเทเทเถปเท เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเทเถเท เถฝเทเท,
เถธเถง เทเถฑเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฏเถฑเถบ เถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถเท เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเท เถเทเทเถบเท.
เถ เถ เถเทเถฑเทเถญเทเท เถฑเทเทเท
เถธเถง เถเถปเถฏเถป เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท, เถถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเทเถญเท เถฑเท.
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เถธเทเถญเทเถญเถบเท
เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถ เถเถซเถฑเทเทเถเท เถญเทเทเทเทเท เถขเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถซเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถญเถฝเทเถฝเท เถเทเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถธ เถธเทเถปเทเถ เถฑเทเถปเทเถเทเทเถซเถบ เถเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถดเทเท,
เถธเทเถบ เถเทเทเท เถฏเทเถงเท เถเถเถธ เถฏเถปเทเทเถฑ เทเท .
เถเถดเถธเถซเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถญเทเถฑเท เทเทเถง,
เถเถ เถเทเถธเถปเทเทเถฝเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถงเถญ,
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเท เถเทเทเทเถธ เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถญเถเทเถง เถญเทเถฑเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบ?
เถฑเทเถฝ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธเทเถฏเทเถธเถเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถปเท,
เถเถดเทเถง เถเถธเทเถญเทเถญเถฑเทเถเท เถฝเทเถบเทเทเทเถญเทเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเทเท,
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถธ เถเถปเถเทเทเถ เทเถธเทเถเถธเถง เถเถญเท เถเทเท.
เทเท เถถเทเทเท เถถเทเทเทเถป เทเทเทเถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถเถปเทเถฐเถเทเถฝเทเถฑ เทเทเทเถเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถบ.
เถเทเถงเทเถบเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเทเถญเท,
เถเถถเถง เถดเทโเถปเถบเทเถขเถฑเทเถญเท เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถญ เถฑเทเทเทเถเท เทเทเถบ?
เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถปเท.
เถเถดเท เถดเทเถฝเทเทเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถบ เถเถฝเทเถฝเท เทเทเถงเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถฏ?
เถถเทเทเท เทเทเถง เถฑเทเถญ.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณเถง เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถดเท เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถถเถปเถดเถญเถฝเถบเท .
เถดเทเถปเทเถเท เถธเทเถญเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฏเทเทเถปเท เถธเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณเท เถฏเทเถเถฝเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถฑเทเทเท, เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฏเท เทเถปเท เถธเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เถเทเถฑ เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฝเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฏ, เถเถ เถดเทเถปเถเทเทเถญเท?
เถฑเทเทเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถเถปเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเทเท เถขเทเถญเทเถบเถธ
เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท, เถเถบเท เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เถธเถธ เถธเทเถ เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฏเทเถฐเทเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเทเถญเท?
เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ. เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเทเทเถเทเถเทเถป เทเทเถซเท.
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเท เถเทเถฝเทเถงเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถฑเท.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถฏเถป เถเถเทเถเถเทเถฑ เถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเท, เทเถปเท.
เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถเถถเถง เถเถดเถง เถเถฏเทเท เถเท เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถฑเท, เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑ! เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเถฏเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ!
- เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถป เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
- เถญเท เถดเทเท เถเทเถฑเท!
- เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑเท?
- เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถบเทเถดเถญเทเถเถธ.
เถเถ เทเทเถณเถบเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถถเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถญเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เทเท-เถขเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเท?
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถธเทเถญเทเถธเทเถบ?
เถเถบ เถธเทเทเท เถฑเทเถญ. เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถบเท เทเทเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถดเทเทเถเทเถบ เถธเทเทเถบเท เถดเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเท เถฝเทเถบเทเทเทเถญเทเทเถเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถขเถฑเถญเทเทเถเทเถฑเท เถเทเท เถเถฑเทเถธเถญ เทเทโเถปเทเถซเทเถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธเท เทเถธเถ .
เถธเทเถฝเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถดเท เถเทเท เทเทเถง เถดเถงเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถธเท...
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถฉเทเถธ เถเถเถฏ?
เถเถฏเทเถปเทเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ. เถเถฏเทเถปเทเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถขเถฑเถญเทเทเถเท เถเทเทเถธ เถญเทเถปเทเถธเท 10 เถฝเทเถบเทเทเทเถญเทเท
เถธเถง เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท. เถธเถธ เถเทเทเทเทเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท,</i
> เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเถง เถธเทเทเท เทเทเถเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เถเถฏเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบ เทเทเทเทเถเทเทเทเถบเถง เถเทเถบเท, เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถฑเทเถญเท เถเถปเถเถญเทเถญเท.
เถธเถง เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ! เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฑเถธเท เถเทเทเทเทเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเถบ เถเถฝเทเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ .
เทเถปเทเถญเถธเทเถฑ เถเถซเทเทเทเถธเท เถเทเถปเถซเถบ
เทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถธเท เทเถถเถณเถญเท เถดเทโเถปเถเถซเทเถฉเถญเทเทเถบ เทเถณเทเท เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถบเท.
เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเท เทเถปเทเถธ เทเทเทเทเถฝเทเถฝเทเถบเท...
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถญเทเถญเท.
เถเถบ เถดเทเถปเทเถธเทเถบเทเถเท เถเถเทเถ เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถเท?
เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ?
เถเทเท, เถถเทเทเท เทเทเถง เถดเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท.
เทเทเถธเทเถฑเทโเถบเถบเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เถดเทเถธเทเทเถญเทเถบเถฑเทเถง เทเท...
เถเทเท เถเทเทเถฏ? เถเทเท เถธเทเถฑ เทเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถฝเทเถฑเท เถเทเถฑ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เถถเถบ เถเถฝเทเถฏ?
เถเถปเถเทเทเถ เถเถซเทเถฉเทเถบเถธ เถฝเท เถขเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท-เทเทเถฑเท
เถเทเถฑเทเถญเท เทเทเทเทเถเทเทเทเถบ เทเถงเท เถเทเทเถฏเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เทเทเถญเทเทเท ?
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเถบเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเถบเถง เถเถฑเทเท เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถเทเถเท,
เถเถญเท เถธเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเท เถฑเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถถเท เถธเทเทเท เถเทเถฑ เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถง เทเทเถเทเทเทเถเถปเทเทเทเถเท เทเทเถฏเทเทเถง เถดเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฏเทเถฐ เทเทเถซเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเถเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถปเทเถฎเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถฏ เถเทเท?
เถถเทเทเท เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเถฑเท เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถธเถฑเทเถดเถบ เถฑเทเทเทเถบ.
เถธเท เถเทเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถฑเทเถเท.
เถเทเทเทเถฏเท เทเทเถฐเทเทเทเถฐเทเถฑเถบเถเท เถฑเทเถธเทเถญเทเทเท เถดเถธเถซเถเท เถฑเทเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถญเท เถดเถฏเทเถฐเถญเท เถฏ
เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถญเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถเทเทเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเทเถธเถญเท เทเท...
เถ เถฑเทเทเท เถญเถธเถบเท เถธเทเทเทเถฑเท เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ
เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เทเทเถฏเทเถฐ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถญเทเถฏโฆ
เทเทเถณเถบเท, เถถเทเทเท เถฑเถฉเท
เถดเทเทเถปเทเถบ เถฑเทเทเทเถเท เทเทเถปเถฏเท เถฝเทเท เทเถปเทเถเทเถเถปเถซเถบ เถเถป เถเถญ.
เถธเทเทเทเถบเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถตเถฝเถบเถเท เถฝเทเท เทเทเทเท เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเท เถฝเทเถถเท,
เทเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถญเถบเท เถดเทเทเถเทเถฑเทเถธเท เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเทเถฝเถง เถถเทเถบ เทเท...
เถเทเทเถง เทเทเถณ เทเถปเทเถปเถบเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเท เทเทเถณ เถดเทเถฑเทเถธเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถด เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถเทเถฑเท เถเถฝเทเถฝเทเทเท เถเถบเทเท เถเถปเถเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถบเถฝเท,
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑ เถเถญเทเถญเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท?
เถเทเทเถง เถเทเท เถฏเทเถเถเท, เถฑเทเทเถบเถเท เทเท เถธเทเถเถบเถเท เถเถญเท เถถเท?
เถขเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เทเถปเทเถเถบเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเท.
เถเทเทเถปเทเถฏเท เถญเทเถฑเถเถง เถดเทเถป เถเถถ เทเถฏเทเทเทเถบเทเถธ เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐเถญเท เทเทเทเถฑเทเถฐเท เถเท เถดเทเท ,
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เทเทเถธเถญเทเถฑเถธ เทเทเทเทเทเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถฏเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท เถฑเทเถญ.
เถเถง เถดเทเทเทเท เถฏเทเทเถเท, เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถญเทเถญเทเทเถฝเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเถเทเถเท.
"เทเถเถฅเท เถทเทเทเท เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถ, เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท."
เถเถถเท เถฏเทเถเทเถธ เทเถญเทเถงเถเท.
เถธเถง เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท เถธเถธ เถเถถเท เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เถเถป เถฑเทเถเถญเทเถญเทเถง.
เทเท-เถขเท,
เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถถ เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถเถญเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถฏเถเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถ เถญเถธเถบเท เถธเถง เถเถบเทเถง เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฏเทเท.
เทเถปเท.
เถธเทเถธ เทเถญเทเถบเท เทเทเถง,
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถญเทเถญเท เถเถปเทเถฎเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑ เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเถง เถบเถฑเทเท .
เถธเถธ เถเถฝเทเถญเท เทเทเถฉเทเถงเทเถฑเถเท เถทเทเถปเถเถญเทเถญเท.
เถขเท เทเถ-เทเท
เถเทเถธเถฑ เถเถเทเถปเถบเท เทเทเถฉเทเถงเทเถฑเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบ "เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ เทเทเถปเทเถญเทเท" เถฝเทเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบ เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ เถฑเถฉเท เถเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเถปเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเทเถเท เทเทเทเถณเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เทเทเถญเถฝ เถฑเถฉเทเทเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท
. เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถเถ เทเทเถซเท.
เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถง เถเถบเทเถเท เถฑเถธเทเถถเถปเท เถเถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถงเทเทเถฑเท เถเถเถง เถเทเถบเทเถธ เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเถถเท เถฏเทเถเทเถธ เทเถญเทเถงเถเท.
เถเถฏเทเท เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเท เถฑเทเถญเท เทเถเทเถญเทเถธเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถธเถญเถปเท ,
เทเทเทเทเทเถฅเถบเทเถฑเท เถดเทโเถปเถเทเท เถเถป เถเถญเทเถญเท
เถเถเทเถถเถฏเทเถฐ เทเทเทเทเทเถฑเท เถถเทเถบเท
เถธเถฑเทเทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเท, เทเทเถเทโเถบ เทเทเทเท
เทเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถธเถบ เทเทเทเถบ เถฝเถถเท เถฏเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ.
เถธเทเทเท เทเทเถ เถเถปเถเทเทเทเถญเท เถฑเทเทเทเถง เถดเทเถธเทเถซ เถเถญ.
เถดเทเถบเทเถป เทเท เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเท เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถธเถญเถป เทเทเถปเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถฝเถถเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท .
เถเทเถ.
เถเทเถเถง. เทเถปเท.
เถเทเถเถง, เถเถดเท เถดเทเถธเท เทเถถเถณเถญเท เถดเทโเถปเถเถซเทเถฉเถญเทเทเถบ เถเทเถฑ เทเทเถเถเทเถกเท เถเทเท. เทเทเถณเถบเท...
เถธเทเถ เถเทเถฑโฆ
- เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถดเทโเถปเถเถซเทเถฉเถญเทเทเถบ.
- เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถฝเทเถฑเทเถธ เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เทเทเถเถเทเถกเท เถเถปเถธเท.
เถขเถฑเทเถฐเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเท เทเถเถฅเท เถทเทเทเท เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถ เถญเถฑเถญเทเถป .
เถธเถธ เถฏเถเทเถบเท.
เทเถเถฅเท เถทเทเทเท เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถเถบเทเถเท เถขเถฑเทเถฐเทเถดเถญเท เถฐเทเถป เถเทเถฝเถบ
เถธเท?
เถเถธเทเถธเทเถง
เถธเถ เทเทเถปเทเถซเท เถเถธเถญเทเถธ
เถเถธเทเถธเท
เถเถดเทเท เถเทเถงเท เถดเถซเทเทเทเถฉเถบเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเท เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเถฑเทเถฑ
เถธเถธ เถเถถเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเถง เถเถฏเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถธเท.
เถเถถ เทเถฉเทเถญเท เทเทเถณเถบเทโฆ
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถฑเท เถเถ เถเถญเทเถญเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท
, เถเถปเทเถธ เถปเทเถ เทเทเทเทเทเถฅเถบเท เถเทเทเถง เถเทเถบเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถเถฝเทเถฝเถฑ เถฏเท เถฑเทเถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถฏ เทเทเถง เถธเทเทเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเถปเถธเทเถท
เถเถป เถเถถเท เทเถปเทเถปเถบ เทเทเถฏเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเท เถธเทเถบ.
เถเถบเท เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถ เทเทเถฉ เถเถณเทเถธเท.
เถเถบเท เทเถปเทเถธ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถฏเทเถบเถเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถธเท เทเถเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเถบเท?
เทเท เถเถถเถง เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถฝ เถเถเถฑเทเทเถฑเทเถฑเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเถธเทเถธเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เถดเทเถธเทเถดเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถธเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถฑเท-เถ เถดเทเถฑเถฝเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเท
เถเถบเท เทเถถเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถเถ เทเทเถฑเทเถธ,
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถฑเทเถปเทเถทเทเถญเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเทเทเถบเถเท เถดเทเถฑเทเทเทเทเท .
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฉเทเทเทเถงเท เถฑเทเทเทเทเถบเถเถง เถเถญเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑ เถฝเทเท.
เถ เถเถบเท เถธเท เทเทเทเทเทเถบ เถดเทเถญเทเทเทเถเทเถฑ เถเทเถบเทเถญเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เทเท เทเท-เถเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เถฝเทเท เถเถถเท เถบเทเถญเทเถเถธ เถฑเทเทเท เถฝเทเท เถเถงเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถบเถธเถเท เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถฑเทเทเถญเท,
เถเถบเทเถเท เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท เทเทเถง เถเถเทเถธเถฑเถง เถดเทเถปเถง เถถเทเทเถฑเทเท .
เถเถบเทเถง เถญเทเถปเทเถซเท เถฏ?
เถเทเท, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถธ เถญเถธเถบเท.
เถเถถเท เถดเทเถบเท เถเถถเถง เทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฐเท เถบเทเถฏเท เถเถญเท เถธเทเทเทเถญเท
, เถเถถเถง เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถ.
เถเถบ เทเถปเท.
เถฏเทเถปเทเทเถฝเถญเทเทเถบเถเท เถบเถฑเท เถธเทเถบเถบเท.
เถเทเทเถปเทเทเถปเท เถเถ เถเถฝเทเถฝเถฑเถเทเถง, เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเท,
เถดเทเถฝเถฑเถบ เถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถเท เถฝเทเท เทเทเทเทเถฝเถฑ,
เทเท เถเถบ เถเถปเถเทเทเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถธเถเถธเทเถฝเท เทเทเถเถญ เถฝเทเท เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถธ เถธเถเท เถเถดเถปเทเถธเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถธเทเถธเท,
เถธเถง เทเถปเทเถธ เถเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เถธเท เทเทเถปเทเถฑเท เทเทเถปเทเถฎเถเท เถดเทเถฑ เถเทเถบ เถดเทเท,
เถเถถเถง เถเทเถธเถฑ เถเถเทเถปเถบเท เถดเทโเถปเถเทเทเถฑเถบเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถฏ?
เทเถเทเถญเทเถธเถญเท เทเทเถฎเทเทเถปเถบเถเท
เถเถถเท เถขเถบเถเทโเถปเทเถซเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถฎเท เทเทเถฉเท เถเถปเถฑ เถถเทเถง เถเถญเท เทเทเถปเถฏเท เถธเถญเถบเถเท
เทเท เถฏเทเถปเทเทเถฝ เถเถเถเท
เทเทเถเถเทเถกเท เทเถฝเถฏเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเทเทเถปเทเถฏเทเถฐ เถฏเท เถเถปเถบเท.
เถธเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถญเทเถ เถเทเถญเถเถบเทเถเท เทเถธเถ เถเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เทเทเถฝเทเทเทเทเทเถธ
เถเทเทเทเถฑเถบเท เถปเถณเท เถดเทเถญเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เทเถถเถณเถญเท เถเทเถฉเถฑเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ เถธเถญ เถบ.
เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถบเถเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถปเท เทเทเถเถเทเถกเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเทเถฏเท,
เถขเถบเถเทโเถปเทเถซเถบเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเทเทเถธ เถฏ?
เถเถถเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเทเทเถฏเทเถบเท เถเถถ เถเทเถญเถปเถธเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถปเทเถธเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถถ เถญเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถญเทเทเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถฏ?
เถดเถปเทเถดเทเถปเทเถซ เถฝเทเท เถเทเถฝเถบ เถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธ เทเถณเทเท?
เถเถ เถธเถง เถทเทเถปเถบเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท?
เถเถถ เถญเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เทเทเถธเถฏเทเถธ เถเถดเทเท เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถธเถง เถเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถง เถเถฝเทเถฑเท,
เถธเถง เถบเถธเถเท เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถบเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท.
เถธเทเทเท เถขเทเถญเทเถบเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเท
เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเถทเทเถดเถญเทเทเถปเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถฉเทเถธเทเถฝเท เถฏเทเถบเถซเทเถบ เทเถฑ เทเทเถ เถเถฑเท-เถ เถธเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณเถบเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถญเทเถญเท?
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถเทเถฑ เถเถถเท เถญเทเถปเถญเทเถปเท?
เถเถฑเทเถธ เถเทเทเทเถฎเทเทเถ,
เถเถบเท เถธเถง เทเถธเทเถดเถฏ?
เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถเถบ เทเทเถป เทเทเถฑ เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เถฑเทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถถเท เทเถฝเถเถฑ เทเทเถง ,
เถเถบเท เถธเถง เทเถธเทเถดเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเท.
เถฑเท, เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถเทเถฑเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถฏเถเถญเทเถเถธ เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถธเถเถ.
เถเถบเทเถง เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถเถ เถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เทเถงเทเถงเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถถเท เถญเถฏ เถปเถญเท เถดเทเถง เถเถเทเถปเถเทเถฑเท เทเถเทเถฉเท เถเทเถธเท .
เถธเถธ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเทเถปเท เถเถเท เถดเทเทเทเทเท เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถเท เทเทเถดเทเถดเทเถฑเท,
เถเถเท เทเทเทเท เถเทเถปเถซเถบเถง เถดเทเทเทเถบเถเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท,
เถเถเท เถฑเทเถฝ, เถถเทเถฝเทเถฝ เทเท เถเถปเทเทเทเท เถธเถญ.
เถธเถง เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเทเทเถฏเท เทเถธเทเถธเทเถญเทเถบเถเท เถเถญเท เถฑเทเทเถฑเท เถเถญ.
เถเถบเท เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถเทเทเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเถง เทเถปเทเถธ เถปเทเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถ เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ? เถเถบเทเถง เถเถ เถดเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถญเทเถธเถญเท เทเถธเทเถธเทเถญเทเถบเถเถง เถเถฉเถเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
เถธเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถธเทเถญเทเถญเถบเท,
เถเถญเท เถเถบเทเถง เถเถ เถเถณเทเถปเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเถปเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถฑเทเทเถง เทเถฉเท เถดเทเถฑเทเถฑเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถเถญเทเถญ เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเทเท เถธเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถธเท เทเถธเถ เถเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถ เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถเทโฆ
เถเถฝเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเทเทเทเทเถเท เถฑเทเถเทเถบเถธเท.
เถธเถธ เถธเท เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบ เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเถฏ
เทเท เถธเถธ เถเถบเถง เถเถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถฑ เถเถเทเถปเถบเท เถเถญเทเทเถเทเถฏ...
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถถเท เถดเถปเทเถเถฝเทเถดเถฑเถบเถง เถญเถถเถธเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท
เถธเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เทเทเถงเท เถเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เถธเทเถฑเถญเถปเถธเท เถเถธเทเถญเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑเถบเถเทเถฏ.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถธเทเถญเทเถญเถบเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเท.
เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเถฝเทเท เถเถเท เถเถฏเทเทเทเถญเทเถบ เถเถดเถฑเท เถฝเถดเถบเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เถฏเทเถฑเถเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ ?
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท?
เถเถถ เถเถฑเถฑเทเถฏเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเทเถฏ, เถฑเทเถญเทเทเถญเท...
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถฑเทเถปเทเทเถญ เถฏเทเถเถฝเท เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
406, เถเถถ เทเทเทเทเทเถเถฏ?
เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเท เทเทเทเทเทเถเถฏ?
เถเทเท, เถธเถธ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท, เถฑเท!
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฝเทเถฑเทเถธ เถเทเถฑเทเถญเทเทเถเท เถเถเทเถ เถเทเทโเถปเถบ เถเทเท เถเทเถฏเทเถฏ?
เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ? เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถถเทเถฑเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑเถบเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถง เถเถญเทเถญเถป เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ, เทเทเถเทเถญเท เถเทเถขเทเถญเถเถบเท.
เทเทเถเทเถญเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท.
เถฝเทเถท เทเทโเถบเทเถข เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเถเท เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑ เทเทเถเทเถญเท เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเทเถเท
เถธเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เถเทเถฑ เถธเถฑเถเถเถฝเทเถดเทเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง, เทเทเถปเทเทเทเถป เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง, เทเท เถเถดเทเทเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถถเทเถฝเทเถเทเถธเทเถฝเท เถเทเถปเทเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถธเทเถซเทเถญเท เถฑเทเทเท,
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถธเถธ เถเถถเท เทเทเถปเถฏเท เถฝเทเถบเทเทเทเถญเทเทเถง เถญเทเถญเท เถเถเถเท เถเถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท .
เถฝเทเถเถเทเถ เถดเทโเถปเถเถซเทเถฉเถญเทเทเถบ เถดเทเทเทเถถเถณ เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ เถดเถฑเถญเท 13 เทเถฑ เทเถเถฑเทเถญเทเถบ ,
เทเถฑเทเถฑเทเทเทเถฏเถฑ เถธเทเถฐเทโเถบ เถทเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท เถเทเถทเทโเถบ เถเถดเถปเทเถฐ
.
เถฝเทเถเถเทเถ เทเทเถเทเถฑเถบ?
เถเถบเทเถง เถธเถง เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเถธเท,
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเท เถธเท เถเทเถฑ เถดเถปเทเถบเทเทเถซ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถเทเถงเถญเท เทเถฉเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเถนเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเท เทเทเถณเถง เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถธเทเถญเทเถญเถบเท เทเถเท เถปเถเถดเทเถฑเทเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถเถ เถถเทเถปเท เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถถ เถเถถเถธ เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท เถเถป เถถเทเถฝเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบเท.
เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เถ เถเถบเทเถเท เถเถฝเทเทเถฏ เถฑเทเถฏเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท!
เถเถบเทเถธ เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถธเถธ เถฏเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเทเทเทเทเท?
- เทเถเถฅเทเท เถฝเทเถถเทเถซเทเถฏ?
- เถเทเท.
เถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถบเถเถง เทเถฉเท เถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธ เถเถดเถเทเถปเท เทเทเถบ.
เถเถฑเทเถธเทเถฑ เถเถปเถฑ เถฝเถฏ เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบ
เทเทเถบเทเถเท, เถเถเถเทเถฑเถธเท เทเท เถบเทเถฑเทเทเถฑเท เทเท.
เถเถ เถฏเท เถเทเทเถญเถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเทเถเท, เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเท.
เถธเถธ เทเถดเถบเถฑ เถเถเท เถธเถญ เถดเถฏเถฑเถธเทเท เถเถดเท เทเทเถเถเถปเท เทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเถธเท .
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเทเทเถเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเทเทเทเถธ
เถเทเท เถเถญเทเถญเถปเท เทเทเถฑเทเท เถเทเท.
เถเถฝเถถเถฝ เทเท เทเทเถง,
เถดเทเถธเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถเทเถปเถบ เถถเทเทเท เทเทเถง เทเถญเทโเถบเถบ เทเท.
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท, เถเทเท เถธเทเถญเถเถฏเท เถฏเทเถเทเถเทเทเถฏ เทเท เถเถญเท เถเทเทเทเถฎเทเทเถเท เถญเทเถถเท .
เถฑเทเถญเทเทเถญเท เถเถบ เทเถฝเถเท เถถเถฝเถธเทเถฑเท.
- เถดเทเทเทเถฝเท เถดเทโเถปเทเทเทเถบเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
- เถเทเท, เทเถปเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถเทเถฑเท เถฝเทเถเถเทเถ เถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฑเถบเถเท เถเทเท เทเทเถง เถเทเท เถเถฝเถถเถฝ เทเทเถบ .
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเถง เถดเทเถป เถเถญเทเถฏเทเถเทเถธเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถธ เถฝเทเถเถเทเถ เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถเถปเทเทเถฑเท เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท
เถเถป เถเถณเทเถปเท เทเทเถถเท เทเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
- เถเทเท เทเถปเท!
เถเทเท เทเถปเท.
เถญเทเถฏ, เถธเทเถธ เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเท เถธเทเถฝเทเทเทโเถปเถบ เทเทเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ...
เถ เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเถฝเทเท.
เทเถปเท?
เถเถธเถเท เถฑเท. เถดเถงเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเท เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถญเถปเทเทเถฑเท เทเถเท.
เถธเถง เถดเทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถญเท!
เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ? เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ? เทเทโเถบเทเถข เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถธเถธ
เถ เทเทเถงเท เถเถ เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถเทเถเถป เถธเทเถฑเทเทเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
"เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถเทเถงเถญเท เทเถฉเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท."
"เถเทเถนเท เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท..."
เถเทเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ?
เถธเทเถฑ เถธเถเทเถฝเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถขเถฑเทเถฐเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบ
เทเถเถฅเท เถทเทเทเท เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถเถบเทเถเท เถเถเทเถธเถฑเทเถฑเท เถถเถณเทเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถฏเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเท เถเถญ .
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเท เถเถบเทเถง เถฏเทเถเถงเถธ เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เทเถปเถดเทโเถปเทเทเถฏ เถฑเทเถญ.
เถเถถเถง เถเถบ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเทเทเทโเถบ เถฑเถธเท,
เถธเท เถเทเถฝ เถเถถเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบ เถเถดเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถขเถฑเทเถฐเทเถดเถญเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเถฏ?
เทเถฏเทเทเทเถบเทเถธ?
เถเทเทเถปเทเถฏเท 3เถเถง เถดเทเถป
เถธเทเถ เทเทเถฏเทเทเท เถเถบเทเถฏ?
เถเถดเท เถเถ เถเทเทเท เถเทเถบเถธเท.
เถเทเถเถง เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท.
เถธเท เถฏเทเท เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถถเถง เถเถเทเถบเถเท เถเทเทเทโเถบเถฏ?
เถธเถง เถเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเถเทเถธเถเท เถเถญเท เถเถปเถเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถ เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถฝ เถเถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เถเทเทเทเถปเทเท เถปเทเถเถฉเถบเถเท เทเถเท เทเทเทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเท .
เถเถธเทเถธเท เถเทเถบเถฑ เทเทเถธเถฏเทเถธ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถธเถง เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เทเทเถฝเทเทเทเถธเถง เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐ เทเทเถซเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท, เถธเทเถญเทเถฑเท เทเทเถง,
เถเถบเท เถธเถเท เถเถธเถฑเถง เถถเทเถฐเท เถเทเทเถญเท เทเท เถถเทเถฐเท เถเทเทเถญเท,
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถฝเทเทเทเทเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเถธเถฏ
เถธเท เทเถเท เถปเท เถธเทเถฏเทเถฏเท เถธเถเท เถเทเถธเถปเทเถง เถปเทเถเถเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเท เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเท เถฑเทเถเทเท เถเถบเท?
เถเถบเท เถธเถเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเทเถญเท เถฑเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เทเทเถฝเถเทเถฝเทเถธเถญเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเถธ เถญเทเถเทเทเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถญเถปเถบเท.
เถฑเทเถฏเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถขเถฑเทเถฐเทเถดเถญเทเทเถปเถซเถบเถง เถดเทเถป,
HBC เทเท เถธเทเถขเถฑ เถธเถญ เทเทเถธเทเทเถธเท เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถตเถฝ
เถเถญ.
เถฝเทเถถเถปเทเถงเท เถเถฑเทเถฉเท เถขเทเทเถงเทเทเท เถดเถเทเทเถบเทเถดเถบเทเถเท เถเถบเท-เถบเทเถ
เถธเทเถขเถฑ เถธเถญ เทเทเถธเทเทเถธเท เถดเทเถธเท เทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเถง เถดเถญเทเทเทเถบ.
เถเถบเท เถเทเถญเทเถปเถบเถเท เถฏเทเถเทเถเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเท เถเถเทเถเถป เถดเทเถฏเทเถธ เทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถธ เทเทเทเท เทเถปเทเทเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเถฏเท เถเทเทเถปเถบ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถธเถเท เถเทเท เทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เถเถฏเท เถเทเทเถปเถบ เถธเถเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเถง เถเถฏเท เถเทเถธ เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเท
เถฑเทเถฏ?
เทเทเทเท เถถเถฉเถง เถเทเถดเท เถถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท.
เถเทเถดเทเถธเท เถดเทเทเถปเทเท.
เถดเทเทเทเถบ.
เถดเทเถฑเท.
เถเถบ เถเทโเถปเทเถบเทเถญเทเถธเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเทเถง เถเถฝเทเถญเท เถเถปเถเทเทเถเถบเท เถฝเทเถถเทเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถเถปเถเถเท เทเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเทเถบเทเถฏเท เถเถบเทเถฝเท เถเถบเทเท เถฑเทเถญเท เถเถปเถเถญเทเถญเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถเถโฆ
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถธเทเถเถฏ เทเทเถซเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝ เถธเทเถญเทเถปเทเถเท.
เทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฝ เถธเทเถญเทเถปเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เทเถเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเถฏ?
เถเทเทเถฑเท เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถฑเทเถญเถฏ?
เถธเท เถธเทเถญเทเถปเท เถเถถเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเท เถเท เทเทเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเท เถเทเถฝเถบ เถดเทเถปเทเถธ เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเทเทเท...
เถเถถ เถฑเทเทเถฌเท เทเท เถเทเถเถปเทเท
เถธเถเท เถดเทเถฝเถฑเถบ เถบเถงเถญเท เถขเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถปเถฏเทเถฏ?
เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถดเถปเทเถดเทเถฝเถฑ เถฑเทเถฝเถฐเทเถปเท เถเถฏเทโเถบเทเถฑเถบ DO-JAE
เถธเทเถฝเทเถ เทเถฌ เทเทเทเทเถฝเทเทเถซ เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถตเถฝ
เถเถญเทเทเถญ เถเถญ.
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถ เทเทเถฏเทเทเท เถธเถงเถฏ?
เถเทเท เทเทเถณ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเทเถเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถธเทเทเถงเถธ เถเถถ เทเถธเถ เทเทเถงเทเถธเท!
เถเถถ เถฑเทเทเท เถธเถเท เถญเถปเทเถซ เถเทเถฝเถบ เถถเทเถถเทเทเถฑเทเท!
เถธเถง เทเถธเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
- เถ เถเทเท!
- เถเทเท เถธเทเทเท!
เถเถบเทเถง เทเถปเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเถเถฏ? เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท.
เถเถ เถปเทเทเถฑเทเถบเท.
เถขเท เทเถ-เทเท
เถเถฑเท เถธเถฑเทเถฏเท. เถเถบเท เถญเถธเถบเท
เถเถดเท เทเทเถฉเทเถงเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถดเทเถปเทเท เทเถธเทเถธเทเถ เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเถซเถบเถง เถเทเท.
เถ เทเถเทเถธ เทเทโเถบเทเถฑเถบเถเถง เถธเทเทเทเถซ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถฑเท.
เถ เถเทเถฑ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถฑเท, เถเทเทเถธ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถ เถปเทเทเถเถบเท เถเถปเถฏเถปเถบเถเท.
เถธเทเถฑเถญเถปเถธเท เถเถฝเถถเถฝเถบเถเทเถฏ.
เถญเถญเทเถดเถปเถบเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
"เถปเทเทเถเถบเท เถเถปเถฏเถปเถบเถเทเถฏ"?
เถเถ เถเถฝเถถเถฝเถบเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถฏเทเทเท เถเทเท,
เทเถเถเทเถญ เทเถเถฏเถปเทเทเถฑ เทเท เถดเทเถปเทเท เถดเถงเทเถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธเท เถฑเทเถปเถนเทเถธเถง,
เถเถถ เถเถฝเทเถถเถธเถบเถเท เถธเทเถฝเถฏเท เถเถญ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ, เถปเทเทเถ เทเถธเทเถขเถบเถเถง เถถเทเถณเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ,
เทเทเถฝเทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถดเทเถธเทเถซ, เถดเทเถฝเทเถธเท เถปเทเถณเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ,
เถดเถงเทเถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธ เถดเทโเถปเถธเทเถฏ เทเทเทเทเทเถญเท เถปเทเถณเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถ เถเถฝเถถเถฝเถบเถเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท.
เถเถบ เถทเถเทเถญเทเถบ เถฝเทเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเทเทเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเทเถบ.
เถเถถ เถเทเถฏเท เทเท เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เถเทเถปเทเทเท เถฏเทเถฉเท เถเทเทเทเถเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเทเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ ?
เถธเถเท เถเถญ เทเทเถณเถงเถธ เถดเทเถเทเถเทเถฑเทเท เทเถเท.
เถเทเท, เถ...
เถ เถเทเถฑ เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเทเถฑเทเถเท เถเทเถปเทเทเท เถเถฏเถปเถบเถเท เถเถญเทเทเทเถธ
เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเถเท เถปเทเทเถเถบเทเถเท เทเทเถธเถง เถญเถปเถธเถเท เทเถธเทเถฑ เถฑเถธเท...
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท, เถเทเท. เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถฝเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถฝเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเถเถฏ? เถเถบเท เถเทเถเท เถปเทเทเถเถบเทเถเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถณเถบเทโฆ
เถเทเทเถง เทเทเถณ เถเถงเทเถฌเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเทเถบเถเถบเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท เถเถฉเทเทเถธเท.
เถฑเทเทเทเทเถเทเถฏ?
เถเทเท เถขเทเถญเทเถบเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเถง เทเท เถเถฏเถปเถบเถง เถดเทเถญเทโเถป เทเท เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเทเถเท .
เถธเถธ เถเถ เถเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท,
เถเถบเทเถง เถปเทเทเถฝเถง เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถฏเทเถฐ เทเทเถซเทเถญเท เถธเถง เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ .
เถฑเท เถบเท-เถปเท
เถเถเทเถถเทเทเท เถฑเทเถเถเทเถปเถธ
เทเท-เถขเท
เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถธเถเถ.
เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเท เทเถงเทเถงเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถถเท เถญเถฏ เถปเถญเท เถดเทเถง เถเถเทเถปเถเทเถฑเท เทเถเทเถฉเท เถเทเถธเท .
เถธเทเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถฑ เถเทเถฑเทเถเทเท เทเถณเทเถฑเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถธเทเถปเทเถบเท.
เถธเถง เถเถซเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเถบ เทเทเถธเทเถฑเทโเถบ เทเถฌ เทเทเถฑเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเทเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เทเถฌ เทเถเถเทเถญเถฑเถบ เถเถป เถเถญ.
- เถเถดเทเถง เทเทเถเทเถญเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเถฝเถบ เถเทเทเทโเถบเถบเท--
- เถธเถง เถเทเทเทเถธ เถเทเถญเท เถเถธเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถดเทโเถปเถญเทเถตเถฝ เถเทเถธ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเท เทเถปเท.
เถเถดเท เถฝเทเถเถเทเถ เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถเท เทเทเถปเทเถญเท เถดเทเถปเทเถฑเท เถเถป
เถเถณเทเถปเท เทเทเถถเท เทเทเทเทเทเทเถธเท.
เถธเถธ 1575 เทเทเทเถฑเถบเท เถฉเทเทเท เถเทเถธเถปเทเท เถถเทเถฝเทเทเท,
เถ เทเทเถฑเถเทเถง เถเถ เถเทโเถปเทเถบเท เทเทเถปเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฝเท เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท.
เถฑเถธเทเถญเทโฆ
เถเถซเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถเถบ เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเท เถฏเถปเทเทเถฑเทเถฝ เถเทเถซเทเถญเทเถธเถเถทเทเทเถบ เทเทเถฉเท เถฏเทเถบเทเถซเท เถเทเถปเทเถธเถง เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเทเท ,
เถธเถง เถเถธเทเถญเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เทเถธเท เทเทเถบ.
เถธเท เถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถฑเทเถญเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบ เถเถดเทเท เทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเทเถฑเทเถฑ. เทเทเทเทเถฝเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถเท เถฏเทเทเท เถฏเทเถเทเถเถธ เถเทเถฉเถเท เทเถญเทเถงเท เทเทเถบเท.
เถเทเท เถธเทเถญเถเถฏเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเทโเถปเทเถฉเท เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเถดเท เทเถธเทเถขเถบเท เทเทเทเถญเทเท!
เถเถดเท เทเถธเทเถขเถบเท เถเถฉเถธเทเถถเถปเถบ!
เถเถดเท เถเถญเทเถดเทเทเทเถฑเท เทเถงเถบเถเท เถฏเทเถธเท!
เถเทเถธเท เถบเทเถฑเท-เทเทเถบเท!
เถบเทเถดเถญเทเถเถธ!
เถฏเทเถ เทเทเถณเถบเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถฏเถธ เถธเทเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถปเถเถญเทเถญเท เถเถบเท?
เถธเทเถ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธ เถฏเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ! เถเถเทเถธเถฑเถง!
เถธเถง เถเถญเท เถเถฑเถเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถเถฏ เถเถฏเท เถเถบเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเท เถดเทเถปเถเท เถเทเทเทเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเทเถญเท เถฑเถบเทเถงเท เถเทเถฝเถถเท เทเถฝ เถปเถเถดเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเท
เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท.
เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเถ เทเทเถณเถบเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถธเทเถฑเทเท เถเทเถฑเทเทเถญเท เถเถธเถเท เถฑเท,
เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเถฑเทเถฑเถธ เถถเถฝ เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถบเทเถฑเท-เทเทเถบเท, เถธเถธ เถเถง เทเถฉเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถปเถฝเทโฆ
เถเถปเทเถซเทเถเถปเถฝเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท, เถบเทเถฑเท-เทเทเถบเท.
เถเถบเท เถเถ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถถเทเถฑเท...
เถเถธเทเถธเท เถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเทเถเท เถดเทเถเท เถเถปเถฑเถเทเถง.
เถเถบเท เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถ เถฑเทเถเทเทเทเทเท?
เถเถบเท เถขเทเทเทเถญเท เถดเทเถปเทเถธ เถ เถเถงเทเถฑเท เถขเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถซเท ,
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถบเทเถง เถเถฉเทเถธ เถญเถปเถธเท เถเถบเถง เถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เทเท เทเทเถด เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท !
เทเทโฆ
เถเถฉเทเถธ เถญเถปเถธเท เถเถบเทเถง เถธเทเท เถเถบเท เทเถ เถญเทเถบเทเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท.
เถเถดเท เถฏเทเทเถเท เทเทเทเทเถฑเถบ
เถฑเทเถเถเทเถปเถธเถเท เทเทเถธเถบเท.
เถเถ เถฑเทเถบเถธเถบเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถ เถฑเทเทเทโฆ
เทเท-เถขเทเท เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเทเท เถธเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ, เถเทเทเถง เถเถบเถง เถฑเทเถเถเทเถปเถธเถเท เทเทเถบ เทเทเถเทเถบ.
เถฑเทเทเท เทเทเถเทเทเถฑ เถธเถฐเทโเถบเทเทเถฎเทเถฑเถบเถ
เทเท เถเทเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเถฑเท เถเถญ
เถธเถธ เถเทเท เทเถเท เถฝเทเถท เถปเทเถญเทโเถปเท เทเถธเทเถขเทเทเถฝเทเทเถฝ.
เทเถปเท เทเถปเท?
เถ เถฑเทเทเทเถฏโฆ
เถเถบเท เถธเทเท เถเถฝเทเทเทเทเถฏ?
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถญเทเถญเทเถญเทโฆ
เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท, เถเทเถปเถซเถบ เถฑเถธเท ...
เถธเถธ เถฑเท เทเท-เถขเท เทเทเถฑเทเทเถง เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถถเทเถง เถดเถญเท เทเท เถฏเท เทเทเถง ,
เถธเถง เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถฑเทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเทเถเท เถเถญ เทเทเถฝเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถ เถเถฑเท-เถเถเท เทเทเทเถซเทเถฝเทเถฝเท เถขเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เถเทเทเทเทเทเถเท เทเถเท เถปเถเถดเทเถฑเทเท .
เถธเถธ เถเทเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถธเถง เถฏเทเถฑเท เถธเถญเถ เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถง เถธเทเถ เถเถดเท เทเทเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท. เถธเถง เถฑเทเถญเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ.
เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท!
เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑ?
เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถดเทเถปเทเถธเทเถบเทเถเท เถถเทเถปเทเถณเถเท เถฑเทเถปเทเทเถญเท เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเถเท เถบเทเถบเท--
เถเถบ เถฑเทเถปเทเทเถญเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเทเถบเท เถฑเทเถญ.
เถฏเทเทเทเถฏเทเถบเถเทเถฑเท.
เถเทเท เถเทเถทเทโเถบ เถกเทเถบเทเถปเทเถดเถบเถเท เถบเทเถบเท.
เทเท เทเทเถธเทเถบเทเถง
เถญเถธ เถถเทเถปเทเถณ เทเถธเถ เถเถบ เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑ เถฝเทเท เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถบเท.
เถเทเท.
เถเถ เถธเทเถฑ เทเถเทเถฏ เถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถ เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเทเถบเท. เถธเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถบเท...
เทเทเถบเท.
เถธเท เถเท เถเทเถฑเถฏ?
เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท. เถเถบเทเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถฏ เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถเถฏ เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑเท? เถเถ เถดเทเทเทเถฏเทเถฝเทเถบเท.
เถธเถง เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเถบเท...
เถเถ เทเถธเทเถถเถฑเทเถฐเถบเถเท.
เถธเถธ เทเทเถญเทเทเท เถเทเถปเท เถเถ เถถเถฝเทเถญเทเถเทเถปเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถเทเถบเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเทเท เถเถญเท เทเทเทเถทเทเทเทเถเทเถธ เถเถญเทเทเท เทเทเถบ.
เถเถบ เถเทเทเถง เถฏเทเถป เถเถปเทเถบเทเถเท เถธเทเถฑเท.
เทเทเถฝเท...
เถ เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ? เถเถบเท เถเถธเถญเทเถธ เทเทเทเถฑเทเถฐเท เถเทเทเถฏ?
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถดเถบเทเถเท เทเท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท, เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเถบเทเถญเท เถเถธเถญเทเถธ เทเทเทเถฑเทเถฐเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถทเทเถบเทเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเท!
- เถธเถธ เถเถธเถญเทเถธ เทเทเทเถฑเทเถฐเท เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
- เถเถฑเทเถฑ!
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถธเทเถปเทเถบเท
เถเทเทเถฏ เทเทเถฉเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถธ เถธเถเถธเทเถฝเท เทเทเถเถญ เถเทเถบเถฝเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเทเทเทเถธ เทเทเทเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถญเท เถธเถธ เถฑเทเทเถฌเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเท.
เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเทเถธเถเท เถฏ?
เถเถบเทเถง เถธเถง เถเถเทเถเถป เถฑเถปเถ เทเทเถฏเทเทเถง เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ เถฑเถธเท,
เถเทเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเท เทเถเท เทเทเถเทเถญเท เถเทเถฑเทเถเท.
เถธเท เทเถเท เถฏเถฌเทเทเถธเถเท เถฝเทเถถเทเถธเถง เทเทเถฏเทเทเทเถบเท.
เทเทเถณเทเถฑเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเทเถฑเทเถฉเท เถดเทเถเทเถฑเท เถธเถง เถเถดเทเท เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถเถบเทเถง เถดเทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถฏเทเถฝเถฏ?
เถเถถ... เถบเถฑ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเท
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถเถถ เถเถธเถญเทเถธเถง เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเท...
เถเถถ เถเถญเทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเท...
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเทเท เทเทเถงเทเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
- เทเถฑเทเทเทเถฑเทเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ...
- เทเทเถณ เทเทเถฉเถเท.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถณเถฑเท, เถ เทเถเท เทเถญเถป เทเถงเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เทเทเถฉ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถเทเทเถฏ เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถง เถเถงเถบเถเทเทเถญเท เทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเถบเท เถเทเทเทเทเท, เถเทเถขเทเถญเถเถบเท?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถธเถธ เถเถญเทเถญเถงเถธ เถธเทเถ เถดเทเทเทเถเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเทเถเถง เถดเทเทเทเท เถดเทเทเถญเทเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถดเท.
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถเถถ เถเถธเถญเท เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเทโเถปเทเถบเท เทเทเถปเทเทเถญ เถเถป เถเถญ.
เถเถถเท เทเถฌ เถญเทเถดเทเถฝ เทเทเถญ เถบเทเถธเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถฝเทเถถเท.
เถถเทเถดเท เทเถฌเถง เถดเทเท เถเถธเถญเถป เถเทเทเทเถญเท เถเถฏเทเท เทเทเถบ เทเทเถ.
เถดเถบเทเถเท เท-เถเถบเทเถฑเท
เถเถถ เถเถธเถญเท เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถเทโเถปเทเถบเท เทเทเถปเทเทเถญ เถเถป เถเถญ.
เถเถถเท เทเถฌ เถญเทเถดเทเถฝ เทเทเถญ เถบเทเถธเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถฝเทเถถเท.
เถเถธเถญเถป เถเทเทเทเถญเท...
โฆเถเถญเทเถปเท เถฏเทเทเถง เถเถธเถฑเท เถเถปเถฑเท เถเถญเทเถบเท เถเถดเทเถเทเทเท เถเทเถปเท
เทเท เถเถดเท เทเทเถดเถปเทเถเทเทเทเถเทเถปเทเท เทเทเถงเทเถบ เถบเทเถญเท เถถเท เถเทเถฐเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเทเท.
เถเถซเทเทเทเถธเท เถดเทเทเถญเท.
เถเถบเท เถปเทเถญเทโเถปเท 10:07 เถง,
เถบเทเทเทเถบเทเถฉเท เทเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเถ เถดเทเถดเทเถปเทเถธเถเท เถเถญเท เทเทเถบ
เถญเทเทเทเถฝ เถเถญเทเทเทเถธเถง เทเทเถญเท เทเท.
เถเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถดเทเถปเทเถญเถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเท
เถเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถญเทเทเทเถธเถง เทเทเถญเทเท เทเทเถธเถปเทเทเถฑเถบ เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเท.
เถฏเทเถฑเท เถเถดเท เทเทเถฏเทเถฐเทเถบเถง เถบเถธเท.
เถเทเท เถเถณเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถปเทเทเถซเท เถญเทเถดเทเถดเทเถบเถเท เถดเทเทเถณเถเถญเท เถธเทเถฑเทเทเทเถเท
เถถเทเถฏเทเทเทเถปเทเถธเท เถถเทเถเถบเถเท เถปเทเถเทเถฑ เถดเถฉเทเถดเทเท เถฑเถเทเถฑเทเท.
เถเถบเท เถถเทเถเถบเทเถฑเท เถดเทเทเท เถดเทเถงเทเถงเทเถบเถเท เทเถเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถเถฑเทเถฑเทเท
เทเท เถดเทเทเทเถฑ เถธเทเถฝเท เถเทเถปเทเถฉเทเทเถง เถเถญเทเทเท เทเท.
เถธเทเทเทเถญเถเถง เถดเทเท, เถฏเทเถดเทเถญเทเถธเถญเท เถปเถญเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถฝเท เถดเทเถญเทเถป เถเทเถบ
เถเถญเถปเถเทเท เถฏเทเถธ เถเทเท เถเทเถบเทเถบ.
เถธเทเถบ
เทเถบ เถฏเทเถฑเทเถเท เถญเทเทเทเถฝ เถฝเทเถถเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเถบเท.
เถฏเทเถธ เถปเทเถณเท เถญเทเถถเท, เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถญเถบเทเถฑเทเถเท
เถดเถปเทเถเถซเถ เถเทเถงเทเท เทเทเทเทเถปเท เถเถญ.
เทเทเถปเทเถญเทเทเถฝเถง เถเถฑเทเท,
เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถเถปเทเถง เถเถธเถฑเทเถดเถบเถเท เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท
เทเท เถฑเทเทเถญ เถฑเทเทเถญเถญเท
เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑเทเถญเทเถธเถ เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑ เถเถธเถญเทเถธเท เถฝเถถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถธ,
เทเทเถฝเทเทเถธเท เถเท เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถบ เถดเทเทเทเถถเถณ เถเถเทเถบเถเท.
เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถเถปเทเถเท เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑ เถเถธเถญเทเถธเท เทเทเทเทเทเทเทเท เถดเถงเทเถเถญ เถเทเถปเทเถธเถเท HBC เทเถญเทเท เถเถญ .
เทเทเถง เทเถฑ เทเทเถง เถญเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถเถดเทเถง เทเทเถฑเท เถถเทเถฝเทเถบเถฑ เถฏเทเถเถเถง เถเทเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถเถบเทเถง เทเทเถง เทเทเถฑเถเถธเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถดเทเทเทเทเถฑเท.
เถธเถธ เถเถเทเท เถธเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถงเทเถบเท. เถเถบเทเถง เถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถฑเทเถฑ เถธเถเถ.
เถญเทเถธเถญเท เถญเทเถปเทเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถดเถปเทเถฐเถเถปเท,
เถญเถปเทเถขเถฑ เถเถปเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเท,
เถเถบเท เถปเทเถญเทโเถปเทเถบเท เทเทเถฑเทเถฏเทเถญเถบเทเถเท เถเทเถปเทเถบเทเถฝเถบเถง เถเทเถฑเท เถญเทเถถเทเทเท .
- เถเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถดเทเถปเทเถญเถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเท...
- เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเถเทเถฏ?
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฏเทเถฏ เถเถ เถเทเท?
เถขเทเทเทเถญ เทเทเถฑเท เทเทเถฏเทเทเทเถธเถง เถเถฉ เถญเทเถถเทเถซเท,
เถฑเถธเทเถญเท เถเถเทเถธเถฑเท เถเทโเถปเทเถบเทเถธเทเถปเทเถ เถฑเทเทเท เทเทโเถบเทเถฑเถบ เทเทเถเทเทเท เถเถญ เทเทเถเท เทเทเถบ.
เถดเทเถฝเทเทเทเถบ, เถเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเถฑ เถฏเทเถดเทเถปเทเถญเถธเทเถฑเทเถญเทเท เทเท เถเถฐเทเถเถปเถซ เทเทเถฏเทโเถบ เทเทเถฏเทโเถบเทเท
เถดเถปเทเถเทเทเถซเถบเถเท เถดเทเถญเทเทเถธเทเถฑเท เทเทเถงเท.
เทเทเถฏเทเถฐเทเถบ เทเทเถบเท เถถเทเถฝเทเถธเถง เถเทเทเถฑเท เถเทเถดเทเท เถเถซเทเถฉเทเถบเถธเถเท เถดเทเทเทเถงเทเทเถฑเท เถเถญ .
เถธเท HBC เทเถธเถ เถขเทเถ เทเทเถเท-เทเทเถบเทเถฑเท.
เถธเทเถญเถเถฏเท,
เถเทเทเทเถธ เถญเทเถปเทเถธเถเท เถฑเทเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถฑเทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑ เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถเถเถเท เถญเทเถบเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถถเท .
เถธเถง เถฏเทเถฑเถเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑ.
เทเทเถถเท เถเถ เถเทเถธเถเทเถฏ?
เถฏเทเถฑเทเถธ,
เถเถบเท เถญเถธเถบเท เถธเถเท เถเถเถธ เถฑเทเถบเถเถบเท.
เถเถญเทเถฑเท เทเทเถบเทเถเถบเทเถฑเท เถเถงเถบเทเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถเถบเทเถง เถเถ เถเถฝเทเถฑเทเถฑ เถเถฑเถฏ...
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถธเถธเถฏ?
เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถฑเทเถฏ เทเถฑ เทเทเถง
เถเทเทเถปเทเถฏเท 3เถเถง เถดเทเถป
เถเถถ เถญเทเถปเถซเถบ เถเทเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถง เทเทเทเทเทเถบ เถเทเถฝเถเถเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถธเท เถบเทเถขเทเถญ เทเทเทเทเทเถบ
เถเทเถฏเทเทเถญเท เทเทเถฏเท เถฑเทเทเถฑ เถถเทเถง เทเถ เถถเถฝเท เถเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถธเถธ เถเถบเทเถเท เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถปเทเทเท เถเถเทเถเทเถธ เทเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถธเถญเท เถเถบเทเถเทเถฑเท เถฏเทเถบเถเท เถเทเถฑเทเถฑเถธเท.
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเทเถฏ...
เถบเทเถเทเทเทเท เถเถฏเทเถเทเถปเทเถธเท เถดเทเทเถฝเท เถดเทเถญเท เทเถธเถ เทเทเทเทเท เทเทเถฑเทเทเถฏ ?
เถเถ เถเถญเทเถญเถฏ?
เถเถ เถเถญเทเถญ.
เถ เถเทเถซเท เถเทเถฝเทเถฝ เถญเถธเถบเท เถเถฑเทเถญเทเถธ เถดเทเถฏเทเถเถฝเถบเท
เถถเถฝเถเถญเท เถดเทเทเถฝเทเทเถฝ เถฏเทเถบเถซเทเถบเถฑเท
เทเทเทเทเท เทเถฑ เถถเท.
เถญเทเถฏ เถเทเทเถง เถญเถธ เถฏเทเถบเถซเทเถบ เทเทเถเทเถซเทเถธเถง เถเทเถธเถญเท เถเถเถธ เถเทเถฑเทเถญเทเท
เทเท-เถขเทเถเท เถเถธเทเถธเทเถบ.
เทเทเถง เทเทเถฝเทเทเถธเท เถเท เถดเถปเทเถฏเท เทเทเทเทเท เถธเถเถเถฝเทโเถบเถบ เถดเทเทเทเถญเทเทเท .
เถเทเทเท เทเทเถญเถญเท,
เถเถดเท เถธเถฑเทเถฝเทเถบ เถธเทเถปเท เถเถปเถธเท.
เถเถบเท เถธเทเถฑเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฑเทเถฑเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถฏเทเทเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑเท... เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท
เถ เถเถบเท เถฑเทเทเทเถบเท. เถเถบเทเถเท เถฑเถเถเท.
เถฏเทเถปเถเถฎเถฑเถบ เถฑเทเถฏ เทเถฑ เทเทเถง
เถธเถธ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถธเทเถเถเทเถฏ เถเทเถบเถฝเท เถเถบเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเท เถฑเทเทเท
เถฑเทเถญเทเถฑเถธเท เถธเถธ เถถเถฝเถฑเทเถฑ เทเถฏเถฑ เถฏเท เถฑเทเถฏ?
เทเทเถ เทเท-เถขเท เถดเถปเทเทเถปเทเถญเถเถบเท?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเถง เถเทเถธเถญเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถธเทเทเถบเท เทเถ-เทเทเทเถบเท เทเทเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถเถบเทเท เทเทเถณเถง เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเท.
เถธเถธ เถเทเถฑ เถธเทเถเถฏ?
เถเถบเท เถธเถ เถเทเถฑ เถเทเถเทเถเถป เถฏเทเทเถฝเท เถฏเถฑเทเถฑเทเถฏ?
เถฑเถเถเท!
เถเทเทเถง เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ. เถเทเทเถง เถเถญเท เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถญเทเถญเทเถญเท!
เถเถ เถฑเถปเถ เทเทเทเทเถฑเถบเถเท เถเทเถบเถฝเท เทเทเถญเถฑเทเถฑ.
เถ เทเทเถบเถฝเทเถฝ เถเถธเถญเถ เถเถปเถฑเทเถฑ.